- Answer back jira issues regarding UBC CD1/2, bug and certificates
- had a [[1on1 with David]]
- had a meeting with [[DAP]]
- asked back about a support week regarding csv upload enrollments and changing their state does not come to catalog
- had a meeting with [[OCPS Custom tools]]
- [ ] #task ask about sub tasks and tracking at instructure

