- answered back regarding the concerns for UBC old analytics
- had a long meeting with kata where we talked about the old epics, methodologies and velocity of the team
- did the ticket regarding sentry errors
- Gathering data for old analytics usage
- [x] #task test notification for commons / pensieve pd ðŸ“… 2023-04-26 âœ… 2023-05-31
- had a [[1on1 with Tamas.Gyorfi]]
- joined the [[java guild]]
- got contacted via [[Cost reductionl for Catalog]]
- working on log obfuscator bug
