* Created a [[SoC2 Catalog]] channel and communicated our answers to Deerpa
* Had a [[1on1 with Sergey]]
* Did a support week related to [[Catalog Email sending]]
* Had a meeting with Kata regarding the [[Analytics]]
* Discussed with Lasszo and Balu that he can go for a week holiday before the release
* Discussed and priozd the backlog of [[Analytics]]
* Had a meeting regarding [[Catalog page]]
* Had a [[1on1 with Tamas.Gyorfi]]. 
* Talks