
- Removed unused snapshot validation dbs and k6 instance for catalog
- Checking the touchnet issue with david
- [x] #task jagger ðŸ“… 2023-05-09 âœ… 2023-05-09
- had a meeting regarding [[analytics release]] and immediate issues
- had a [[1on1 with Tamas.Gyorfi]]
- had a meeting regarding outcomes presentation
- worked on a support week regarding [[program in a program and requirements change]]
- 