* Had a [[1on1 with Usukh]]
* Had a [[1on1 with Verho]]
* Had a [[1on1 with David]]
* Had a meeting regarding [[Listings tab in Analytics]]
* Had a meeting regarding [[One pager for Commons multi region migration]]
* Discussed with Peter and Balu that the livevents to catalog service is a potentional candidate for Java tasks later
* Found a [bug](https://instructure.atlassian.net/browse/PHO-4327) with Bandi related to the enrollment retry
* Finished a vanity domain