- made a draft for [[Commons multi region migration phase 2 points]]
- worked on the [[shard id issue]] in Catalog
- [ ] #task create ticket for the FF removal analytics ðŸ“… 2023-05-17
- [ ] #task create ticket for other live event improvements ðŸ“… 2023-05-17
- had a [[1on1 with Tamas.Gyorfi]]