- [x] #task link diagrams to the NFR document security âœ… 2023-04-26
- [x] #task create ticket for snapshot validation db removals
- [ ] #task ping for a meeting regarding dap, to see where we are heading ðŸ“… 2023-05-26
- had a meeting with [[DAP]]
- had a [[1on1 with David]]
- had a [[1on1 with Tamas]]
- answered back regarding [[Waitlist]] in [[Catalog page]]
- Helped regarding the feature flags in Commons
