* Talked about [[Analytics]] with Peter. Main gotchas are identified
* Talked about [[Usukh presentation]] 
* Had a [[Skip level 1on1 with Laci]]
* Meeting about [[SoC2 Catalog]]
* Meeting about [[Peter handover]]
* Provisioned the [[new vanity domain]] for Queensland, had some problems with it
* Reviewed Bandis Commons knowledge sharing session regarding the [[Commons multi region migration]]